welcome from complex 2014 that we have
the Toshiba encore - which is a 10.1
inch tablet PC for about two to three
hundred US dollars we have it a 16 gig
version with one gig of ram and an until
Z 37:35 processor I think we will check
it out later you can see here the
beautiful screen which could be a little
bit brighter but it's looking good we
have of course here a possibility just
slide around here we can check out the
cameras and the hardware in just a
second so let's look around the device a
little bit you have here a little bit a
little holes for putting on a handle we
have here also just speakers and now the
camera is off focus right now because we
have a beautiful bottom in the back but
let's just focus on the device so we
have here Windows 8 button microphone
volume rocker and on an off switch and
also you can see how did the camera a
little bit sticking out on the back on
this side micro SD micro HDMI micro USB
again with the focus here we go
and also through now millimeter
headphone jack also quite important as
you can see probably charged by a micro
SP since there's no other ports on the
back just a Toshiba logo and the camera
right there which is I think finding a
pistol but we will see that when I read
the specs again such as a switch here
quickly to the camera right there where
we can see the phone camera booting up
right now we have no status LED but it's
looking quite good in quality in speed
owl also can rotate the camera here and
then can see also the back camera
shooting quite nice pictures here from
the convicts 2014
so this was a really short hands-on here
with the brand-new Toshiba encore - also
called WT 10 Z 37 35 G processor one gig
of ram and 16 gig off until memory
pretty much the tuning in my name is
Bonnard on twitter subscribe to the
YouTube channel and much for watching